Now, let's make a new but very similar looking signal.
If we plot this signal,
we can see it looks almost exactly the same as the signal we've been working with,
except if we pay attention to the y-axis,
this one goes from minus one to plus one and
the original signal we were working with goes from minus 10 to plus 10.
So the question is, is this signal
just a scaled down version of the original one or are there some other differences here?
So the way we can address this is by plotting both signals on the same axis.
We do this by first plotting
our original signal and then we can use the twinx command to duplicate the x-axis,
but allow the y-axis to change and this will help us
handle the difference in scale between the two signals.
When we do this, we see our original signal in
blue and then the new signal is plotted on top of it in orange.
One thing to note is that the y-axes of these signals are very different,
but if we zoom in to some interesting part of the signal,
we can see that they're actually not exactly the
same and there are some minor differences in the signals.
Another way to compare two signals is to plot them
on separate axes but on the same figure.
We do that with the subplot command.
The first two arguments specify the grid of
axis that we want to make and in this argument is
saying that we are selecting the first axis
and we're plotting our original signal on the first axis.
Then we select the second axis and plot the new signal there.
What that looks like is we have
our original signal up top and we have our new signal down below.
So depending on what you want to do with your signals or how you want to explore them,
different methods will be more valuable than others.
There's a whole lot more that matplotlib can do.
You should definitely read the docs and learn
about all the different ways you can explore your data.